Feat: color placeholders (#555)
morfeojs/morfeo: docs/docs/ThemeSpecification/colors.mdx

| borderRightColor  | borderRightColor  | `{ borderRightColor: "secondary.light"} `  | `{"borderRightColor":"#e563b3"}`  |
| borderBottomColor | borderBottomColor | `{ borderBottomColor: "secondary.light"} ` | `{"borderBottomColor":"#e563b3"}` |

## Color Placeholders

> Color placeholders allow to share a color between multiple keys with no need to duplicate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Color placeholders allow referring to another theme color by prefixing it with the character `$`:
```
